[IMP] live chat: update ratings doc (#4063)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/livechat/ratings.rst

   These are kept internal. Only a statistical overview of the performance of operators for the
   *channel*.

To publish a channel's ratings on the website, first navigate to a live chat channel's record by
going to the :menuselection:`Live Chat` app and clicking on the kanban card for that team. Then
click on the :guilabel:`Go to Website` smart button. This will open the :guilabel:`Live Chat Channel
Statistics` page.

In the upper right corner of the page, click the red :guilabel:`Unpublished` slider to read
:guilabel:`Published`.

.. image:: ratings/live-chat-ratings-unpublished.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the published ratings on the portal for Odoo Live Chat.

Add ratings page to site
------------------------

Once the rating page has been published, it has to be added to the website. To do this, go to
:menuselection:`Dashboard --> Website --> Site --> Pages --> New`.

This will open a :guilabel:`New Page` window. In the :guilabel:`Page Title` field, enter `livechat`.
Click :guilabel:`Create`.

.. important::
   The page *must* be named `livechat` in order for the database to recognize and connect the

>    ratings page. The page title can be changed later under the :guilabel:`Menu Editor`.

Reviewer: Also, is "livechat" case sensitive- does it not work if it is typed in as "Livechat"?

>    ratings page. The page title can be changed later under the :guilabel:`Menu Editor`.

Author: The field is called "Page Title" but it is actually used to create the Page URL. After the page has been created, the actual page title can be changed. I've updated for clarification. 👍

The newly created webpage will open, with the :guilabel:`Webpage Editor` open in the right panel.
The page will list out the names of the :guilabel:`Live Chat Channels` whose ratings pages have been
published. Next to the channel name is a speech bubble icon, which users can click on to be taken to
the ratings' page for the respective channel.

.. image:: ratings/live-chat-published-icon.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the webpage for Live Chat ratings emphasizing the channel icon.

> Make any desired changes or additions to this page, then click save on the :guilabel:`Webpage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make any desired changes or additions to this page, then click :guilabel:`Save` in the top right of the webpage
```

You click on the Save, so I swapped the GUI labels.

> Editor`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
editor. The website editor side panel closes, and the webpage remains on the screen.
```

To publish the `livechat` webpage, return to the list of webpages by navigating to

> :menuselection:`Site --> Pages`. Click the checkbox to the left of `livechat` in the list of pages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:menuselection:`Site --> Content --> Pages`. Click the checkbox to the left of `livechat` in the list of pages
```

> to select the page. Then, click the checkbox under the column labeled :guilabel:`Is Published`. Then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to select the page and highlight the line. Then, click the checkbox under the column labeled :guilabel:`Is Published`. The field with the checkbox is highlighted in white. Click the checkbox a second time to activate the :guilabel:`Is Published` box. The webpage is now published. 
```

> click :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer: When I do this, the flow is different. After clicking the checkbox next to livechat, it highlights the line. Then, I click on the box next to Is Published- the first click just 'highlights' that box (it turns white) but it does not check the box. The second time I click, the box is checked off, but then there is no Save option- you only see 'new' where 'save' previously was, because doing the double check makes the page published. If I tried to click once, and it is not checked off and click save nothing happens.

> click :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. image:: ratings/live-chat-is-published.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the list of pages for a website with the 'is published' box emphasized.

Once the page has been added to the site, ratings are set to be published by default. However,

> individual ratings can be manually selected to be hidden from the public. The rating will still be

Reviewer: I didn't read through the rest yet, but this should be explained. if it is explained further down, I would do a link within the doc so user's can click on "individual ratings can be manually selected to be hidden from the public" be the text tht links to that section of instructions.

Reviewer: ok zi saw the section below- I would link it still, even though it's not far below.

included in internal reports, and can still be viewed by internal teams. However, public website
visitors and portal users will not have access.

See :ref:`Hide individual ratings <livechat/overview/hide-ratings>` for more information.

Customer ratings report
=======================

The :guilabel:`Customer Ratings` report (:menuselection:`Live Chat --> Report --> Customer Ratings`)
displays an overview of the ratings received on individual support tickets, as well as any
additional comments submitted with the rating.

.. image:: ratings/live-chat-ratings-report.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the customer ratings report in Odoo Live Chat.

Click on an individual rating to see additional details about the conversation, and the rating.

.. _livechat/overview/hide-ratings:

Hide individual ratings
-----------------------

Ratings are set to be published by default. However, individual ratings can be manually selected to
be hidden from the public. The rating will still be included in internal reports, and can still be
viewed by internal teams. However, public website visitors and portal users will not have access.

> To hide a rating, go to :menuselection:`Live Chat --> Reports --> Customer Ratings`. Click on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To hide a rating, go to :menuselection:`Live Chat app --> Reports --> Customer Ratings`. Click on the
```

This was another note someone gave me that I started to use, which was specify when the item is an app or not, so most things would start with the X app, then the rest. Just a thought- not necessary but it does add clarification (especially since we jump to the website app in this doc, too).

> kanban card for a rating to be hidden. On the rating's detail page, check the box labeled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kanban card for the rating to be hidden. On the individual rating's detail page, check the box labeled
```

:guilabel:`Visible Internally Only`.

.. image:: ratings/live-chat-ratings-visible-internally.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of an individual rating's detail page with the visible internally setting checked.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`/applications/websites/livechat`
   - :doc:`responses`

>    - :doc:`/applications/websites/website`

Reviewer: Just a general comment, so I added it on this last line! It might be good to add an explanation of how to organize the feedback in kanban columns, sorted by rating. I think that might be helpful than the default view. It might be good for them to know. This might be covered in a reporting doc if that's in the works, but if not, I like to add things like that which could be very helpful, esp. for a first time. They are probably asked to aggregate the #'s, etc, and that might be easy and add value.

Ratings
=======

At the end of a *Live Chat* conversation, customers have the opportunity to rate the quality of
support they received from the live chat *operator*. Customers provide ratings as soon as they close
the conversation. This allows operators to receive immediate feedback on their performance. It also
allows customers the chance to share any final comments before leaving the chat window.

Rate live chat conversations
============================

Customers end a *live chat* conversation by clicking the :guilabel:`X` in the upper right-hand
corner of the chat window. They are then prompted to select an icon that reflects their level of
satisfaction. The icons represent the following ratings:

 - **Satisfied** - *green smiling face*
 - **Okay** - *yellow neutral face*

>  - **Dissatisfied** - *red frowning face*

Reviewer 2: these shouldn't be indented

.. image:: ratings/live-chat-ratings-faces.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the chat window from a user's side for Odoo Live Chat.

.. note::
  When customers end a conversation, a field marked :guilabel:`Receive a copy of this conversation`
  appears under the *ratings* icons. Customers can enter their email either before or after they
  submit a rating.

If the customer selects :guilabel:`Satisfied (smile)` icon, they are presented with a thank you
message and a :guilabel:`Close Conversation` link.

.. image:: ratings/live-chat-thank-you.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of customer's live chat window with thank you message.

If the customer selects either :guilabel:`Okay (neutral)` icon or :guilabel:`Dissatisfied (frown)`
icon, a text box will appear. Customers can add comments in this text box to explain why they chose

> this rating. This message will be sent to the live chat operator, along with the rating icon.

Reviewer 2: Also option to publish and to managers for internal use?

.. image:: ratings/live-chat-ratings-operator-window.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of a chat window from an operator's window highlighting a rating for Odoo Live Chat.

Publish customer ratings
========================

To publish a channel's ratings on the website, first navigate to a live chat channel's record by
going to the :menuselection:`Live Chat` app and clicking on the kanban card for that team. Then
click on the :guilabel:`Go to Website` smart button. This will open the :guilabel:`Live Chat Channel
Statistics` page.

In the upper right corner of the page, click the red :guilabel:`Unpublished` slider.  The slider
changes from :guilabel:`Unpublished` to :guilabel:`Published`
:guilabel:`Published`.

.. image:: ratings/live-chat-ratings-unpublished.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the published ratings on the portal for Odoo Live Chat.

.. note::
   The customer notes that are submitted with the rating will *not* be published on the website.
   These are kept internal. Only a statistical overview of the performance of operators for the
   *channel* appears on the website.

Add ratings page to site
------------------------

> Once the rating page has been published, it has to be added to the website. To do this, go to the

Reviewer 2: manually added

main Odoo dashboard and open the *Website* application.

> :menuselection:`Website app--> Site --> Content --> Pages`, then click :guilabel:`New`

Reviewer 2: missing period

This will open a :guilabel:`New Page` pop-up window. In the :guilabel:`Page Title` field, enter
`livechat`. This acts as the URL for the published webpage.

.. important::
   The URL *must* be named `livechat` in order for the database to recognize and connect the
   ratings page. After the page has been published, the page title can be changed later under the
   :guilabel:`Menu Editor`.

Click :guilabel:`Create`, and the newly created webpage will open. The :guilabel:`Webpage Editor`
appears in the right panel.

The page lists the names of the :guilabel:`Live Chat Channels` whose ratings pages have been
published. On the left side of the channel name is a speech bubble icon, which users can click on to

> go to the ratings' page for the respective channel.

Reviewer 2: this seems to be broken in 16.3

Make any desired changes or additions to this page, then click :guilabel:`Save` in the top right of
the webpage editor. The website editor side panel closes, and the webpage remains on the screen.

To publish the `livechat` webpage, return to the list of webpages by navigating to
:menuselection:`Site --> Content --> Pages`. Click the checkbox to the left of `livechat` in the
list of pages to select the page and highlight the line. Then, click the checkbox under the column
labeled :guilabel:`Is Published`. The field with the checkbox is highlighted in white. Click the
checkbox a second time to activate the :guilabel:`Is Published` box. The webpage is now published.

.. image:: ratings/live-chat-is-published.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the list of pages for a website with the 'is published' box emphasized.

Once the page has been added to the site, ratings are set to be published by default. However,
individual ratings can be manually selected to be hidden from the public. The rating will still be
included in internal reports, and can still be viewed by internal teams. However, public website
visitors and portal users will not have access.

> See :ref:`Hide individual ratings <livechat/overview/hide-ratings>` for more information.

Reviewer 2: Sam may have you change this to display the default title

Customer ratings report
=======================

The :guilabel:`Customer Ratings` report (:menuselection:`Live Chat --> Report --> Customer Ratings`)
displays an overview of the ratings received on individual support tickets, as well as any
additional comments submitted with the rating.

.. image:: ratings/live-chat-ratings-report.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the customer ratings report in Odoo Live Chat.

Click on an individual rating to see additional details about the conversation, and the rating.

> 

Reviewer 2: What about different views?
